Parking:        Paid parking is available on campus.


Topic Details:  As per Emma:

"It's a common misconception that newbies don't need to (or aren't
qualified to) write documentation; however, newbies are actually BETTER at
writing documentation because they take no steps for granted and record
every little thing they do--they are also often starting with a system
which is closer to a base install than more advanced users and therefore
are able to more accurately capture software dependencies. At The LDP most
of the documents we receive are from people who've needed to solve a
specific problem that they couldn't solve at first glance. Some of our
documents are newbie level problems, and some are more advanced.

Documentation is also critical in the workplace, or in any situation where
there is more than one set of hands on a computer. Maintaining a detailed
log of work that's been done on a machine makes it easier to (1)
(re)-build a new machine with the same configuration and (2) diagnose
problems including errors in configuration files, software conflicts, and
missing modules.

Another common misconception is that documentation is too hard to write,
takes too much time, or the tools are too difficult to use. As a result
there are holes in knowledge transfer in organizations and important
information is lost. The purpose of the presentation is to show how easy
it can be to write documentation--including figuring out which tools will
help save time."

E
This month's NewTLUG meeting will be held Tues Apr 27th., at Seneca College.
more info below...


Date:           Tue, Apr 27,
Time:           7 - 10pm

Topic:          "Documentation: Reading, Writing and Publishing"
                See Details below...

Presenter:      Emma Jane Hogbin <emmajane@xtrinsic.com>
                Emma is currently a technical reviewer (and author) for
                The Linux Documentation Project and a former instructor at
                Seneca College.

Location:       room 1208 (SEQ building) Seneca College
                SEQ building belongs to Seneca College and is a part of
                the Seneca@York Campus, which is physically located just
                south of York University, at Keele/Steeles.

D
Directions:     For detailed directions and info on public transit, please
                see:    http://cs.senecac.on.ca/~scs/seneca-directions.html

Parking:        Paid parking is available on campus.


Topic Details:  As per Emma:

"It's a common misconception that newbies don't need to (or aren't
qualified to) write documentation; however, newbies are actually BETTER at
writing documentation because they take no steps for granted and record
every little thing they do--they are also often starting with a system
which is closer to a base install than more advanced users and therefore
are able to more accurately capture software dependencies. At The LDP most
of the documents we receive are from people who've needed to solve a
specific problem that they couldn't solve at first glance. Some of our
documents are newbie level problems, and some are more advanced.

Documentation is also critical in the workplace, or in any situation where
there is more than one set of hands on a computer. Maintaining a detailed
log of work that's been done on a machine makes it easier to (1)
(re)-build a new machine with the same configuration and (2) diagnose
problems including errors in configuration files, software conflicts, and
missing modules.

Another common misconception is that documentation is too hard to write,
takes too much time, or the tools are too difficult to use. As a result
there are holes in knowledge transfer in organizations and important
information is lost. The purpose of the presentation is to show how easy
i
it can be to write documentation--including figuring out which tools will
help save time."

Emma will include:
        - doccos: what makes a good technical documentation author, and
          why you should worship the ground they walk on (ahem)
        - writing a good HOWTO
        - markup languages (specifically DocBook XML 4.x)
        - system configuration for DocBook->HTML and DocBook->PDF
          transformations
        - submitting documents to The Linux Documentation Project
        - other tools your company may want to use for documenting
          internal processes (specifically Wikis and blogs)

